Hi, everyone and we're back for Block Talk.
We're actually we are talking about raw transactions.
So, as a reminder, raw transactions are how machines store off the transaction data.
So, the lesson so far,
we've taken a raw transaction and dissect it into its different parts,
and now you understand the components of a raw transaction.
I want to ask you why is it important as
a Blockchain developer to know how raw transaction works?
Isn't a raw transaction meant for the computer?
Yeah. It's absolutely meant for the computer.
I know we talked about before,
we're trying to hit home on the protocol,
and that's exactly what we're doing with the raw transaction.
We're looking at the protocol,
understand their roles on how to construct
a transaction that gets embedded into the Blockchain.
So, that life cycle of taking a transaction that's human readable,
breaking it down to be consumable by like
the Bitcoin platform is extremely important in regards to the rules of the platform.
That's why we constantly are advocating about the protocol because those rules allow
us to have guidelines for the way that we're going to work with transactional data.
We also understand the nuts and bolts will really help us down the line.
Oh, absolutely.
Especially when it comes down to the way that we can
work with transactional components of a Blockchain.
It's even better to understand that the same principles
with a raw transaction also works on other platforms.
So, the way that you broke down the transaction as
a raw transaction is literally the same way that you would use it on another platform.
You still need to go ahead and transact,
especially when we migrate to back-end services.
How does the network communicate with transactional data?
It's all about raw transactions.
Yeah. It's a really powerful way to think about it.
So, with that, let's start creating our own raw transaction.